[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Here
at Adventure Resources,
I've got a ton of blog posts
on a subject Open Source.
You can check those out later.
Some more resources about Open Source,
there's an awesome OSS
repo that's pretty cool.
I have an egghead course that's
similar to what I just gave you today
called How to Write
an Open Source JavaScript Library.
It's scrunched in like an hour, so
it's quite a bit less than
what you experienced today.
And I have kind of
the opposite side of things,
how to contribute to
an Open Source library.
So this is something you can
direct your contributors to, and
in fact makeapullrequest.com.
It gives you a badge that
links to that project.
So you can put that on your
Open Source project and
people can learn how to contribute to
your project, which is pretty fun.
And then I got a couple of JavaScript
error podcasts about Open Source and
that's it for me.
I would really appreciate it if
you could submit some feedback.
This just takes you to your form.
Please give me feedback.
I can't learn without feedback, and
Tony is asking if the REPOs
updated with the latest code?
So from the time that we forked
on everything else that we
worked on together is different.
Well, we kinda followed
what the repo is doing,
but it's not GitHub names on there or
anything, it's still Star Wars names.
But if you go to the last branch, if
we go to do starwars-names and
you go to, woops.
The last branch that is FEM,
so it's FEM10.1docs,
then that will have all the- Lot of
the things I already talked about,
that;s what you want to
compare yourself to.
The master branches is outdated.
So yeah, that's it for
me, again, I really appreciate your
feedback and thanks for coming.
>> [APPLAUSE]